Update design (#7)
cybozu-go/myso: docs/design.md

The operator has the responsibility to create master-slave configuration of MySQL clusters.

When the `MySQLCluster` is created, the operator starts deploying a new MySQL cluster as follows.
In this section, the name of `MySQLCluster` is assumed to be `mysql`.

1. The operator creates `StatefulSet` which has `N`(`N`=3 or 5) `Pod`s and its headless `Service`.
2. The operator sets `mysql-0` as master and the other `Pod`s as slave.
   The index of the current master is managed under `MySQLCluster.status.currentMasterIndex`.
3. The operator creates some k8s resources.
  - `Service` for accessing master, both for MySQL protocol and X protocol.
  - `Service` for accessing slaves, both for MySQL protocol and X protocol.
  - `Secrets` to store credentials.
  - `ConfigMap` to store cluster configuration.

#### How to implement StatefulSet initialization with avoiding unncessary restart at the operator update

> When initializing the `StatefulSet`, the following procedures should be executed in their init containers.

Reviewer: What you meant to say is the initialization of MySQL pods?

> - Create `my.cnf`.
> - Create mysql users.
> - Create directories, for example `mysql/conf.d`.

Reviewer: Initialization of the data directory should come first.

```suggestion
- Initialize data-dir.
- Create mysql users.
- Create `my.cnf`.
```

- etc.

> When updating the operator version, we want to avoid unnecessary restarts of MySQL clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading the operator, we want to avoid unnecessary restarts of MySQL pods.
```

Creating mysql users and creating directories are done in an init container of which image is the same with

> the `mysqld` container, so this restart is necessary.

Reviewer: > so this restart is necessary.

?? I cannot understand.  It seems to me that restarting is not necessary at all when upgrading MOCO.

Reviewer 2: This was a wrong sentence. Fix this.

On the other hand, `my.cnf` is created by merging the following three configurations.

- Default: This is created by the operator and contains default value of `my.cnf`.
- User: This is created by users and contains user-defined values of `my.cnf`. This overwrites Default values.
- Constant: This is created by the operator. This overwrites User values.

If the default and constant configurations are implemented in an init container, the container might be updated
every time the version of the operator changes and the operator restarts the existing MySQL clusters frequently.

> To avoid these uncessary restarts of the clusters, we prepare a init container which is responsible only for the merging logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid these unnecessary restarts of the clusters, we prepare another container image that is responsible only for the merging logic.  This container image is independent of MOCO image.
```

   - If the quorum of the cluster does not have data, users need to recover the cluster from a backup.
4. The operator initializes the new blank Pods as new slaves.

### How to collect metrics for Prometheus

> To avoid unncessary restart when the operator is updated, we prepare external Pods which collect prometheus metrics over network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid unnecessary restart when the operator is upgraded, we prepare external Pods which collect mysqld metrics over the network, and export them as Prometheus metrics.
```
